Welcome everyone to the solution for design of experiments question number one says review.
This is where Google wanted to add a new button to their main search page.
How can they determine whether or not people enjoy this new button feature.
So this type of question is really common.
It's essentially just testing to see whether or not you understand the concept of an AB test and it
may be framed in all sorts of manners but really just how do you test a new feature to your given user
base then they're just asking you CAN YOU EXPLAIN A B testing to me.
So AB testing it's a really wide and large topic so be sure to study it well at a position posting actually
asked for it specifically.
Or if you're working or you're going to be working for a company that specializes in AB testing or implements
a lot of features this way you can check out the guidebook for a lot of great resources on this.
So as I just mentioned you can check out the resources for more details.
You should understand hypothesis testing before studying AB testing.
It's the more traditional statistical approach AB testing is basically building off hypothesis testing
in an actual implementation approach.
Foolishest over a few of the main concepts here.
Again lots of resources for you in the guidebook.
So we want to actually first decide on metrics to compare across the dual versions of the site we're
going to be serving.
So there's lots of common metrics to be using daily active users monthly active users click through
rate impressions engagement time spent on the web site etc..
So this is where you may want to think about what the actual situation is and then decide on some metrics
the ones we give in here.
This can work for almost any situation but for other more specific applications you may want to figure
out metrics that are more specific to that application.
Maybe you're testing out an email service so something more specific than daily active users to an email
service maybe something like how many emails are sent on an average day before and after the change.
So lots of metrics you can choose.
It's always good to think of these basic ones such as daily active users monthly active users engagement
through time and then also add in some specific ones for whatever the actual question is asking about
so the second step then is to prepare two or more versions of your site or page one for each additional
feature or each variation of the feature you're doing.
So again one feature is going to or one version is going to be without the feature change your control
and then another version is going to be the new feature change in this case we're just doing a classic
AB test where there's version A and a version B.
So you're going to be serving different versions of the page to the population and you're going to need
to randomly split up the population being careful not to introduce biases when randomly splitting.
So that's another careful consideration to make.
You don't want to do something like split based off Geographic reason or geographic location because
that could actually introduce some sort of bias as far as the populations are serving your site too.
Or you don't want to do random split based off age of users.
You want to try to make sure that your split is as random as possible.
That way both populations are good representation of the entire population and you test.
So once this is set up where you can do is begin to find your sophistical hypothesis test.
So you end up creating a null hypothesis for your hypothesis testing.
For example the metric chosen will be the same for both groups.
So for instance maybe you're going to say daily active users is going to be the same for people seeing
the new feature for people seeing the original web site page for the hypothesis test.
You will pre-define your bold type 1 error.
So this is known as false positive rate or sometimes also known as alpha depending on how you frame
this and using this you can use the p value of your test decide whether or not the results are significant.
You're also going to want to assess the power of these testicle test.
So this is known as one minus beta.
Mathematically where beta is just the type 2 error member that's the false negative rate.
And those are the basics behind the AB test.
Remember that you can't look up hypothesis testing in general to get a better understanding of the statistical
background behind the sort of testing.
But basic idea behind the sort of questions is can the candidate explain AB test thoroughly enough to
the interviewer.
Now in practice you're also going to want to consider factors such as how long to run the experiment
and you can use confidence intervals to actually do this mathematically and you're also going to need
to decide on a protocol for outliers so how do you actually deal with outliers.
Are you just going to ignore them because they're not a big deal.
Given the size of your population or are you going to cut them off using maybe a box plot method or
some sort of truncation method.
All right.
So that's the basic idea behind AB testing in general.
Definitely check out the resources in the guidebook.
If you think the job posting is going to dive really deep into AB testing for some certain data science
positions it's a big part of your day to day work.
So having a really good understanding of AB testing and hypothesis testing in general is always a great
idea.
Okay thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.